Add source maps upload instructions for CRA (#7628)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/sourcemaps-create-react-app.mdx

**Make sure to run a production build.**
In the next steps we will modify and updload the artifacts that were generated during the build.
Running a development build will not emit the necessary files.

### 2. Configure Sentry CLI

Install Sentry CLI as a dev-dependency with the package manager of your choice:

```bash {tabTitle:npm}
npm install @sentry/cli --save-dev
```

```bash {tabTitle:Yarn}
yarn add @sentry/cli --dev
```

```bash {tabTitle:pnpm}
pnpm add @sentry/cli --save-dev
```

<Note>

For more info on `sentry-cli` configuration visit the [Sentry CLI configuration docs](/product/cli/configuration/).

</Note>

Make sure `sentry-cli` is configured for your project. For that you can use environment variables:

<SignInNote />

<OrgAuthTokenNote />

```bash {filename:.env}
SENTRY_ORG=___ORG_SLUG___
SENTRY_PROJECT=___PROJECT_SLUG___
# Auth tokens can be obtained from
# https://sentry.io/settings/auth-tokens/
SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=___ORG_AUTH_TOKEN___
```

### 3. Inject Debug IDs Into Build Artifacts

Debug IDs are used to match the stack frame of an event with its corresponding minified source and source map file.

> Visit [What are Artifact Bundles](/platforms/javascript/sourcemaps/troubleshooting_js/artifact-bundles/) if you want to learn more about Artifact Bundles and Debug IDs.

Author: "Artifact Bundles" and "Debug IDs" are terms we invented which is why we capitalize them. If we lowercase them here we need to do this over the entire docs.

```bash
sentry-cli sourcemaps inject /path/to/build
```

Make sure to replace `/path/to/build` with the actual path where your build output is generated.
In a Create React App application, this is usually the `build` folder.

#### Verify Debug IDs Were Injected Into Build Artifacts

After running the `sentry-cli sourcemaps inject` command, minified source files should contain a `debugId` comment at the end:

```javascript {filename:exampleMinifiedFile.js}
...
//# debugId=<debug_id>
//# sourceMappingURL=<sourcemap_url>
```

Source maps should now contain a field named `debug_id`:

```json {filename:exampleSourceMap.js.map}
{
    ...
    "debug_id":"<debug_id>",
    ...
}
```

### 4. Upload Artifacts

After you've injected Debug IDs into your artifacts, upload them using the following command:

```bash
sentry-cli sourcemaps upload /path/to/build
```

#### Verify That Artifact Bundles Were Uploaded

Open up Sentry and navigate to **Project Settings > Source Maps**.
If you choose “Artifact Bundles” in the tabbed navigation, you'll see all the artifact bundles that have been successfully uploaded to Sentry.

> ### 5. Deploy your Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 5. Deploy Your Application
```

If you're following this guide from your local machine, then you've successfully:

1. Generated minified source and source map files (artifacts) by running your application's build process
2. Injected Debug IDs into the artifacts you've just generated
3. Uploaded those artifacts to Sentry with our upload command

> The last step is deploying a new version of your application using the generated artifacts you created in step one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step is deploying a new version of your application using the generated artifacts you created.
```

Author: This is critical

> **We strongly recommend running all of the things you have configured above to run inside your CI/CD Pipeline**, to ensure each subsequent deploy will have readable stack traces in Sentry error events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**We strongly recommend running everything you've configured above inside your CI/CD pipeline** to ensure each subsequent deploy will have readable stack traces in Sentry error events.
```
